Doc 12584 new javascript plugin doc (#916)
couchbaselabs/docs-couchbase-lite: modules/javascript/pages/ionic.adoc

= Ionic
:page-partials:
:page-edition: Public Preview
:page-toclevels: 2@

> :description: Couchbase is excited to announce the public preview of the Ionic Capacitor plugin for Couchbase Lite, which allows developers to leverage Couchbase Lite within cross-platform applications in JavaScript for iOS and Android. This plugin is open-source and supported by the Couchbase community. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description:  The Ionic Capacitor plugin for Couchbase Lite, allows developers to leverage Couchbase Lite within cross-platform applications in JavaScript for iOS and Android. 
```

Author: Added

include::partial$_set_page_context_for_javascript.adoc[]

== Overview

> NOTE: Developers who are currently using the https://ionic.io/docs/couchbase-lite[previous version of the Ionic plugin] should migrate to the newer version of the plugin documented https://cbl-ionic.dev[here].

Reviewer 2: Not a big issue, but I think if a link is directing users to an external site, it would be polite to give them some clue as to where they're going. Something like

```suggestion
NOTE: Developers who are currently using the https://ionic.io/docs/couchbase-lite[previous version of the Ionic plugin] should migrate to the newer version of the plugin documented at https://cbl-ionic.dev[Couchbase Lite for Ionic Capacitor].
```

This public preview release enables developers using Ionic to integrate Couchbase Lite into their mobile applications, ensuring they can build offline-first, cross-platform solutions with ease.

== Important Notes

* Platform Support - The plugin currently supports iOS and Android platforms.

> * Community-Supported - This open-source plugin is Couchbase community supported and maintained, and it requires an Enterprise Edition Couchbase Lite license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Couchbase Community-Supported - This open-source plugin is Couchbase Community supported. However, the Couchbase Lite binary that is linked to the plugin is Couchbase Lite EE and its use is guided by the T&C of the Couchbase Lite Enterprise license agreement < INCLUDE LINK> 
```

Author: Done

> While it is not officially supported by Couchbase, any issues specific to Couchbase Lite are covered under our existing support policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implies that the use of the plugin in production applications requires an EE license of Couchbase Lite. So while the plugin itself is not officially supported by Couchbase, any issues specific to Couchbase Lite are covered under our existing support policy.

```

> NOTE: Couchbase Community Supported is an Open source integration that is developed by Couchbase. Issues can also be raised in the relevant GitHub repositories or via Couchbase forums or Discord. Support is provided best effort by development team.

Reviewer 3: Is `Couchbase Community Supported` an `integration` or is it a support scheme?

Author: I believe it's a support scheme, `Couchbase Community Supported` is the term for an open source integration with best effort dev support on our end.

> NOTE: Couchbase Community Supported is an Open source integration that is developed by Couchbase. Issues can also be raised in the relevant GitHub repositories or via Couchbase forums or Discord. Support is provided best effort by development team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: _**Couchbase Community Supported**_ integration/plugin is an Open source integration that is developed by Couchbase. Issues related to the integration can also be raised in the relevant GitHub repositories or via Couchbase forums or Discord. Support is provided best effort by development team.
```

Author: Added

For more information, see xref:cloud:third-party:integrations.adoc#support-model[Support Models].

== Getting Started

You can get started with the new Ionic plugin and review the official documentation by visiting https://cbl-ionic.dev[the Ionic Plugin Documentation].

== Next Steps

> As this is a community-supported project, we encourage you to explore, test, and provide feedback to help us improve the React Native plugin for Couchbase Lite. Feel free to file issues through the https://github.com/Couchbase-Ecosystem/cbl-ionic/issues[GitHub issue tracker], our https://www.couchbase.com/blog/couchbase-on-discord/[Community Discord] or https://www.couchbase.com/forums/[Couchbase Forums].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this is a community-supported project, we encourage you to explore, test, and provide feedback to help us improve the Ionic plugin for Couchbase Lite. Feel free to file issues through the https://github.com/Couchbase-Ecosystem/cbl-ionic/issues[GitHub issue tracker], our https://www.couchbase.com/blog/couchbase-on-discord/[Community Discord] or https://www.couchbase.com/forums/[Couchbase Forums].
```

Author: Good spot! Fixed
